Update tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md (#14209)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md

Before you use the physical import mode, make sure to read [Requirements and restrictions](#requirements-and-restrictions).

> The backend for the physical import mode is `local`. You can modify in `tidb-lightning.toml`:
> 
>  ```toml
>  [tikv-importer]
>  # 导入模式配置，设为 local 即使用物理导入模式

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend for the physical import mode is `local`. You can modify it in `tidb-lightning.toml`:

 ```toml
 [tikv-importer]
 # Set the import mode to "local" to use the physical import mode.
```

 backend = "local"
 ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
